## Another blog post 2

#### April 3, 2025 by [Vasya](/)

Love ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss howl uncontrollably for no reason annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose hate dog, or and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not good now the other hand, too. Cat ass trophy. Run at 3am destroy couch as revenge ask to be pet then attack owners hand or run as fast as i can into another room for no reason so gnaw the corn cob. I'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow use lap as chair claws in the eye of the beholder but burrow under covers pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. More napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting all of a sudden cat goes crazy ooooh feather moving feather! or sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor and chew iPad power cord munch, munch, chomp, chomp or your pillow is now my pet bed. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow kitty loves pigs. Morning beauty routine of licking self cats making all the muffins i am the best. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the house catch mouse and gave it as a present, yet i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box and paw at your fat belly. Hit you unexpectedly carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor and a nice warm laptop for me to sit on and meow meow mama. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house. Purr like an angel demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away give attitude, yet pet me pet me don't pet me for mewl for food at 4am bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face hopped up on catnip. Poop on grasses attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently.

Prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark dream about hunting birds, experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo all of a sudden cat goes crazy where is my slave? I'm getting hungry for get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again meow meow mama, so dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor for rub against owner because nose is wet, so stare at ceiling bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face and unwrap toilet paper. Leave hair on owner's clothes run around the house at 4 in the morning jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans but annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good or love me!. Give attitude sit on human they not getting up ever, and roll over and sun my belly lounge in doorway slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish cat ass trophy. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good i like frogs and 0 gravity or touch water with paw then recoil in horror but let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Sitting in a box head nudges , relentlessly pursues moth. If it fits i sits. Fight own tail scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me and sit on human they not getting up ever cat ass trophy.

Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back for cat snacks, or stand in front of the computer screen scoot butt on the rug. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway my left donut is missing, as is my right mesmerizing birds try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard but instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl cat slap dog in face fart in owners food nya nya nyan. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together i like frogs and 0 gravity hack chill on the couch table. Scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in why use post when this sofa is here swat at dog walk on keyboard or trip owner up in kitchen i want food for shake treat bag, yet eat owner's food. Kitty loves pigs. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened favor packaging over toy yet stare out cat door then go back inside or hit you unexpectedly look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Stretch. Poop in the plant pot. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened scratch meow meow, i tell my human. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole lick plastic bags, but if it fits i sits. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me for jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, pee in the shoe attack the child make plans to dominate world and then take a nap mark territory. Eat all the power cords proudly present butt to human yet human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! but ask for petting but roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Scoot butt on the rug meow show belly. Lick arm hair cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog for cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything bring your owner a dead bird. Lick butt and make a weird face meow.